Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to create the evilness year for the lists container's are.
So this is the resource.
I should have probably shown you this before the start of the previous lecture, but I kind of forgot
that.
So I have included this link inside this the submerges file.
And it is basically a reference to the documentation where it says e-mail drag and drop API.
OK, now what is an API?
We have used this term for like maybe like four or five times by now APIs application programming interface,
which we are going to discuss in depth.
And we are going to have multiple projects in this, even though this is an API project as well.
But we are going to take a look at real APIs.
Right.
But not now.
That is like a topic for, like many more chapters to come.
All right.
So it says drag and drop interfaces enable applications to use drag and drop features.
And the browsers, the users may select dragonball elements with a mouse, drag those elements to dragonball
element and drop them by releasing the mouse button.
Now, this gives you this entire overview of what it is that we are actually doing.
Where is the documentation for that?
Because it doesn't matter how you how skilled you are, it doesn't matter how professional you are.
You should always come to this MDN Mozilla developer network or developer that Mozilla that Orrock.
This is the official documentation for e-mail, Sears's and JavaScript and Technologies.
All these technologies.
You can find them here and you should always go by this, by this documentation.
Whatever it says is accurate.
Whatever it says is like authentic.
This is the most authentic resource that you can find on a stimulus basis in JavaScript.
All right.
So there is a lot of exercises.
There is a lot of
examples here, and it even gives you the browser support for whereas this specific the browser support
should be the browser support is actually for every specific event that we have, for example, a drug
leaf, if you click on it and if you come here, you're going to see the browser support or browser
compatibility for that specific event.
So this link is included inside the API.
Yes, go ahead.
Like open and go through whatever it says.
It might seem a bit weird at first, but once when you get the hang of it, you will know how documentation
is written and how to translate documentation into like real world applications.
It is going to help you a lot.
All right.
So now let's get back to whatever we were talking about.
So we have created the drugs start and drug and events for our items.
Now, as far as the items are concerned, they do their job.
They are Dragonball.
And we can grab the list items and we can drop him in other containers, but only we cannot drop them
because we don't have these containers.
They have no idea that any element wants to be dropped there.
So we should make sure that they do have an idea.
All right.
So first of all, we need to do is I'm going to come here and we are going to create another for loop.
This time, I'm going to give the loop variable in name B, it is going to loop over our lists, dot
a length that was very sharp.
Right.
And we are going to incremented by one each time.
And first off, let's go ahead and let's take a look at what it is going to give us.
So consed last, let's just call a list equals lists and let's pass it and we're Lutherville let's say
consider log our list.
So it let's come here so we get our.
All right, so we get all of our containers, the reason that they are repeating multiple times is because
they're actually repeating a lot.
So this is each one she should repeat for like a few times for I think to be accurate, each one should
be repeated four, eight times.
The reason for that is, is that every time this for a loop runs.
This for a loop is going to run as well.
That is the basic ideology.
So this for loop for error lists, a list of items is going to run eight times.
And in each of those eight times, this for a loop is going to run.
And in each of those eight times, this for a loop is going to run four times.
So we should end up with forty like four, four into eight like 32.
Right.
So at this point, what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab a list and I'm going to add an event listener
to it of the event listener for first off, we are going to complete the event listeners for dragging
and then we are going to dive into the final event listener, which is for dropping.
Right.
So I'm going to grab the list out of listener and we are going to grab the drag over.
This is when the drag has come over to the list.
All right.
When it comes over, this is a different event.
And when it enters, that is a different stage to each of these is going to be a different state.
So to be able to differentiate between those, what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab this and I'm
going to open up.
Then what I'm going to, like, open this page up again.
So drag over, is it?
It says a drag.
The item is being dragged over a valid drop target every few hundred milliseconds and drag enter a drug
item, enters a varlet drop target.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is whenever this happens, I want to grare.
I want to grubin and I want to say I want to run a function.
Let's grab the event object as well.
And I'm going to see, say, idot prevent default.
That's it.
And why did I do this now?
By default, dropping inside an alignment is disabled.
In order to enable it, we need to prevent the default behavior.
So if I were to lay this out, just commented out very simple, scrub this.
And when I come here you can see that not allowed sign that we have because it is not OK to drop something
there.
All right.
But if I am coming this and save it and when I come here, you can see that this is different.
It says that we can drop it here, but we are going to still get when we whenever we go outside, we
are going to get that not allowed, which is OK.
Right.
So we have prevented the default behavior there.
Another default behavior is associated with the drug enter because items that are not also allowed to
be entered in inside another item.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab our event listener and I'm going to say drag enter.
Dragon is right, and we are going to say function, let's grab our event object and we are going to
say idot prevent.
Prevent default.
This is a method, so we are looking at parentheses and now, OK, now these are done all right, this
drug over and drug enter.
But there is something else that I want to do here.
So, for example, I have just selected item number one.
And when I come over here and when I enter, you can see that the background color, it actually changes.
So how can we accomplish that?
We are going to accomplish that.
And then we are going to move on to our next lecture.
All right.
So for that, I'm just going to grab the color code from this screen.
It is like a shade of white.
So we are going to say less that style, that background, background color should be equal to this
color.
Right.
So let's have it.
Now, we can see whenever we enter that drug area.
So let's OK, let's come here.
Let's go and enter.
We can see that it is actually working.
But the problem is that it stays there.
It doesn't go away.
So we should apply another drug event, which is drug leave.
So whenever we enter, this should change background image, sorry, background, color.
But when we leave it should go back and it doesn't go back.
It stays because there is no event for that which we are going to complete in our next lecture.
See you guys then.